content/qrph-banks-and-mobile-payments.md, before:

---
title: QRph, banks and mobile payments
date: 2023-11-25
bodyPreview: Today, QRph didn’t function properly.
---

Today, QRph didn’t function properly.

I went out to buy groceries, relying on QRph for payments. It had been working flawlessly for few months until this incident occurred.

At the cashier, I made a payment, but the cashier insisted they hadn’t received it. She even showed me a detailed report from their checkout terminal, which didn’t display my transaction despite my successful payment on my end.

With no other option, I returned the items, requested proof of the missing transaction on their end, and tried to gather my thoughts about what had just transpired.

Later, I reached out to my bank through their app and received a response about three hours later — not too bad. The customer service confirmed that the money had been sent to the recipient bank. They assured me they would conduct a thorough investigation since I provided evidence that the transaction hadn’t appeared at the recipient bank. According to them, it was in a floating status, and their investigation might take 3 to 4 weeks to complete.

Shorty after, I decided to head back home.

Upon returning, it struck me that the cashier had pressed the "Confirm payment" button on their terminal just seconds before I could finalize sending the amount. Could that be the reason?

If so, It's surprising that such a limitation could occur, especially considering the widespread adoption QRph aims to achieve. I mean it could happen everyday if cashiers are not thorough.

Was it the cashier's mistake, an opportunity for QRph to improve, or both?

<br>

Mitigation
---------------

Few strategies came into mind:

- **Clear Transaction Timings:** Implement a system where the payment confirmation from the customer's end synchronizes more closely with the cashier's terminal to avoid premature confirmations.


- **Enhanced Error Handling:** Develop robust error handling mechanisms that prompt for reconfirmation or alert both parties in case of any discrepancy or premature confirmation.

- **Improved Communication:** Educate cashiers and users about the potential for timing issues and provide guidance on how to prevent premature confirmations.

**Awareness**

For the meantime, when using QRph, make sure your cashier does not "Confirm payment" prematurely before you finalize the payment.

**Conclusion**

The amount I paid was credited back into my account after 3 weeks.

Commit message:

fix(content, component, pages): mix updates
- updated content for QRph
- improved components
- added tailwind typography

content/qrph-banks-and-mobile-payments.md, after:

---
title: QRph, banks and mobile payments
date: 2023-11-25
bodyPreview: Today, QRph didn’t function properly.
---

Today, QRph didn’t function properly.

I went out to buy groceries, relying on QRph for payments. It had been working flawlessly for few months until this incident occurred.

At the cashier, I made a payment, but the cashier insisted they hadn’t received it. She even showed me a detailed report from their checkout terminal, which didn’t display my transaction despite my successful payment on my end.

With no other option, I returned the items, requested proof of the missing transaction on their end, and tried to gather my thoughts about what had just transpired.

Later, I reached out to my bank through their app and received a response about three hours later — not too bad. The customer service confirmed that the money had been sent to the recipient bank. They assured me they would conduct a thorough investigation since I provided evidence that the transaction hadn’t appeared at the recipient bank. According to them, it was in a floating status, and their investigation might take 3 to 4 weeks to complete.

Shorty after, I decided to head back home.

Upon returning, it struck me that the cashier had pressed the "Confirm payment" button on their terminal just seconds before I could finalize sending the amount. Could that be the reason?

If so, It's surprising that such a limitation could occur, especially considering the widespread adoption QRph aims to achieve. I mean it could happen everyday if cashiers are not thorough.

Was it the cashier's mistake, an opportunity for QRph to improve, or both?

### Mitigation

Few strategies came into mind:

- *Enhance Transaction Synchronization —* implement a system where the confirmation process aligns more precisely between the customer's action and the cashier's terminal, preventing premature confirmations.

- *Robust Error Management —* error handling mechanisms that prompt for reconfirmation or alert both parties in case of any discrepancy or premature confirmation.

- *Educational Initiatives —* educate cashiers and users about the potential for timing issues and provide guidance on how to prevent premature confirmations.

### Awareness

In the meantime when using QRph, ensure that your cashier refrains from prematurely hitting the `Confirm Payment` button before you complete the transaction on your end.

### Conclusion

The amount I paid was credited back to my account after 3 weeks.
